Today I'm going to show you how to create your own portfolio page...
... One that looks professional and works very fluidly.
Bootstrap themes are very helpful for this and do a lot of the work for you.
You can find and download a theme at startbootstrap.com.
You'll want to add the files you downloaded to a new, empty git repository so that it looks like this.
Go to your settings and make sure your repository name is [your username].github.io
This will make sure your page goes live at your main github page.
Now you can begin to make the website your very own personalized profile.
You can edit the index page to replace content with your own
You can even start changing style sheets to further customize your theme.
Thanks for watching, and goodluck!